Refresh CLI troubleshooting guidance (#818)
stacklok/docs-website: docs/toolhive/guides-cli/run-mcp-servers.mdx

If a server fails to start:

1. Check that Docker, Podman, or Colima is running.
2. Verify you have internet access to pull the image.
3. Check whether the proxy port is already in use. To pick a specific port, use
   `--proxy-port`.
4. Inspect the server logs for the specific error:

   ```bash
   thv logs <SERVER_NAME>
   ```

</details>

<details>
<summary>Server runs but no tools appear in the client</summary>

If `thv list` shows the server as running but your AI client sees no tools, ask
the server directly what it advertises:

```bash
thv mcp list tools --server <SERVER_NAME>
```

You can also list the prompts and resources the server exposes:

```bash
thv mcp list prompts --server <SERVER_NAME>
thv mcp list resources --server <SERVER_NAME>
```

If the server returns the tools you expect, the issue is on the client side:

> re-run [`thv client setup`](../reference/cli/thv_client_setup.md) and restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remove the client by running [`thv client remove <CLIENT_IDENTIFIER>`](../reference/cli/thv_client_remove.md), re-register the client by running [`thv client register <CLIENT_IDENTIFIER>`](../reference/cli/thv_client_register.md) and restart
```

Reviewer: Same as my comment above about `thv client setup` not removing clients

Author: Same fix applied here - replaced `thv client setup` with the `remove` then `register` pair (with reference links) in dfd4845.

If you can't connect to a remote MCP server:

1. Confirm the remote server URL is correct and reachable from your machine:

   ```bash
   curl -I https://api.example.com/mcp
   ```

2. Check what the remote server is actually advertising through ToolHive:

   ```bash

>    thv mcp list tools --server <SERVER_NAME>

Author: Right - the [Test MCP servers](https://docs.stacklok.com/toolhive/guides-cli/test-mcp-servers) note explains that `--server <NAME>` only works for local servers; remote-backed ones need the proxy URL from `thv list`. Switched the placeholder to `<PROXY_URL>` and added a cross-link in 903d0a5.
